# ABOOK 
by JH <jheinonen@users.sourceforge.net>

Abook is an addressbook program with mutt mail client support.

## COMPILATION

To compile abook you must have ncurses development libraries installed.
Starting from version 0.4.10 abook is known to compile with the native curses
library of SUN Solaris and OpenBSD. Since version 0.5.0 GNU readline is
required. Please note that other readline implementations don't work.

If you compile with --enable-debug flag you should redirect standard error
to somewhere. (for example abook 2> debug or abook 2> /dev/null) Abook has
been compiled and tested successfully on following platforms:
(NOTE: All versions of abook haven't been tested on all platforms.)

Linux (distributions with moderately new GNU ncurses and GNU readline libraries
       should work)
Darwin
Solaris
FreeBSD
OpenBSD
NetBSD
GNU/Hurd
AIX 3.2.5
HPUX
Irix 6.5
DEC alpha ?

## INSTALLATION

See INSTALL for detailed instructions.

If you want to use abook with mutt you should add following lines to your
~/.muttrc or to the systemwide /etc/Muttrc file.

set query_command="abook --mutt-query '%s'"
macro pager A |'abook --add-email'\n

After this you can make queries from mutt using the query command ('Q')
and add sender e-mail addresses to the addressbook from pager using 'A'
command. (Of course you can choose another keybinding if you like.)

It's also recommended to set pipe_decode variable in mutt configuration.
See the mutt manual for details.

Abook can also convert from/to mutt alias files and a number of other formats.
Mutt groups are fully supported.

## UPGRADING FROM VERSION 0.5

See RELEASE_NOTES .

## UPGRADING FROM VERSION 0.4

You must import your abook 0.4 addressbook file because it is stored
to a different location. Configuration file is now located to $HOME/.abook/
directory and it's called abookrc . (without leading dot)

## NOTES

If your language specific characters don't work correctly make sure
that your locale configuration has been done properly. (On Linux you
must set at least LC_CTYPE environment variable)

If you want to import a ldif file generated by abook in Netscape you
must use the extension ``.4ld''.

## OBTAINING ABOOK

Get the latest version from http://abook.sourceforge.net/

## LICENSE

All files in this distribution are released under GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.
See COPYING for details.

## CONTACT AUTHORS

Send bugreports, fixes, wishes etc. to abook mailing list:
https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/abook-devel

